So really that's about it for session one.
I've no idea how long we've been running
because I haven't been paying attention.
But let me summarize back to you what
we've covered in this first session.
Basically, when it comes to dark patterns,
no you shouldn't be using them.
But make that a business argument,
not an ethical one,
you'll find a much easier
to win stakeholders over.
Second, make sure that in
everything you're doing,
you're addressing users objections and
reducing the risk for them in your copy,
in your design, in your calls to action.
All of those kinds of things,
reduce risk and address objections.
In your design,
make sure you're always simplifying,
keeping people's cognitive load down, and
we're gonna explore that more in a minute.
Focus in your content and
in your testimonials on building trust and
overcoming cynicism.
Oops sorry about that.
And finally, prioritize speed
above everything else because that
is gonna be by far the biggest way
of improving your conversion rate.
Outside of potentially cognitive load,
you could argue both have
a pretty profound effect.
So that's it for this session,
we will be moving on to
the next one in just a moment.
But I do wanna spend a few minutes
addressing any questions that may have
come in before we proceed.
Have there been anything, Mark?
>> So I just have a comment that we don't
use a framework for performance reasons.
>> Yeah.
>> And people compliment our website all
the time.
They post screenshots of
web page test results or
lighthouse test results and
that kind of thing.
And yeah, it works well for us
>> Yeah.
I mean if you're building something
like a full blown SAS product or
something like that, then I can completely
understand using a framework kinda makes
sense in a context like that.
But certainly for
sales and marketing sites,
which obviously is the main
thing we're focusing on here,
it's very rarely is it actually
necessary to do that kind of thing.
So has anybody got any questions?
If we don't have questions I think it
might be quite fun to maybe look at some
websites and
see what we can do with some of the things
that we've talked about so far.
>> Someone asked if you're going to get
into your graphic design principles for
converting websites?
Yes, yeah, absolutely.
So we're gonna talk about content next
when we're going to be talking about how
to create a value proposition
that presents it.
But then after that, we're gonna look
in depth at design principles and
how to design a page that highly converts.
I'm not gonna get into the fundamentals
of design because there are other
courses that do that.
But we're gonna look particularly at
how to approach design for conversion.
>> There's a question
about more information or
anything that you could recommend on
learning more about dark patterns.
>> Sure, [LAUGH] well,
learning more how to do them.
I mean, obviously this is the point
where I have to pimp my own book,
Click, which is published
by Smashing Magazine.
And that kinda gets into all that we're
talking about today in a lot more detail.
If you're interested in dark
patterns more generally,
there's a website called darkpatterns.org,
which is a good one to follow.
They've also got a Twitter account,
which I quite enjoy as well cuz they post
examples of horrendous dark patterns that
gives you good giggle every now and again.
But yeah, that's a good site,
that one will help.